	Class Loader:
	It loads .class files into memory

	Byte Code Verifier:
	Checks the internal consistency and validity of the code. Once
	approved, it is given to JVM

	JVM:
	It acts as an interpreter. It is highly platform dependent.


Source File Rules / Concepts:

1. If a class is 'public', file name must match the class name.
2. The name of the .class file depends upon the name of the class rather
	than the name of the source file.
3. It is possible to define multiple classes in a single source file provided
   not more that one class are public.
4. The number of .class files depends upon the number of classes and not upon
	the number of source files.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Implementing OOP using Java

Object Oriented Programming mainly deals with 2 things:
	1. Class
		It is a template that decides a structure for an object.
	2. Object
		It is an instance of a class.

	Once a class is created, it is possible to create 'n' number of
	objects of that class.


Data Types in Java:
	Java is a strict typed language. The variables meant for holding
	a data must be declared of some type.

	Java supports wide range of primitive data types:
		1. Integers
			byte, short, int, long
		2. Fractions
			float, double
		3. Character (Single Character)
			char
		4. Booleans (YES / NO)
			boolean


Creating Objects:
	In Java, objects are always created dynamically using 'new' operator.
	'new' operator allocates memory dynamically.

Implementing Encapsulation:
	To implement encapsulation, first it is necessary to hide the
	the data.

	This is possible using 'private' access modifier.

	When a variable is declared as 'private', it can be accessed only
	within the class.

	To make it accessible, it is necessary to add methods.


Course Management System
	It maintains inventory of various courses and it handles information
	as per the following:
		Course ID (Numeric)
		Course Title (Character)
		Course Duration (Numeric in terms of Hrs)
		Course Provider (Character)
		Course Cost (Fraction)

	Handle Abstraction and Encapsulation.

	Store and Print information about 2 to 3 courses.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
